Table (of Game struct)	Id	Field	New text
TransTxt	1		Vampire crypts are normally well hidden. That the Shadowspire vampires operate so openly is proof of their power in the region.
	2		A burial mound. Though obviously centuries old, the door's inlaid and gilded decorations are clean and untarnished. They must be preserved by magic.
	3		When he passed away, Lord Brinne was mourned throughout the land. His tomb is a holy place visited by pilgrims and other well-wishers.
	4		You find a passage leading downwards. Do you enter?
	5		The volcano has apparently pulled this ancient building from the bottom of the sea. Who were it's mysterious builders?
	6		The Alvarian Dark Dwarves are recent arrivals to the area. In a short time, however, they've built an extensive system of mines.
	7		A large dragon obviously makes his residence in these caves.  The dead bodies near his home might have been adventurers seeking the dragon's treasure.
	8		The enormous size and lavish decoration of Lord Markham's Manor provide a striking contrast to the humble peasant homes and huts nearby.
	9		From the looks of the trash and decaying garbage on the ground outside, many generations of bandits have used this cave to hide from the law.
	10		Once a stately mansion, this old house has long been abandoned by the original owners.  The current residents don't seem to keep the place up very well.
	11		The entrance to this barrow is pleasing to the eye, yet at the same time forbidding.  The air is very quiet near the entrance.
	12		The entrance to this barrow is pleasing to the eye, yet at the same time forbidding.  The air is very quiet near the entrance.
	13		The entrance to this barrow is pleasing to the eye, yet at the same time forbidding.  The air is very quiet near the entrance.
	14		The door is unlocked and unguarded from the outside.  The iron on the doorknob is rusting, and you can see a small hornet's nest in the corner above the door.
	15		A nasty odor wafts from the entrance of this cave, propelled by an unseen subterranean breeze.  It smells like decaying meat mixed with brimstone and…peppermint?  Whatever.  Looks dangerous.
	16		The unassuming home of someone unimportant…or, at least someone who wishes to appear that way.
	17		This tomb must be the resting place of an eccentric recluse.  The tomb doesn't appear to have been disturbed in quite some time.
	18		A large dragon obviously makes his residence in these caves.  The undead near his home might have been adventurers seeking the dragon's treasure.
	19		The faint smell of brimstone and the sound of creatures talking in a strange language drift from the entrance of this cave.
	20		As you go deeper into this vast network of tunnels, your instinct tells you that many dangerous creatures dwell within. You vow to remain vigilant.
	21		Placeholder Text
	22		A thunderous howl pierces your ears, provoking a feeling of dread. Whatever produced that sound is drawing near, with each step rocking the earth beneath your feet.
	23		Placeholder Text
	24		Placeholder Text
	25		Regent Wilbur Humphrey, Foremost Paladin, and Prince Nicolai Ironfist, heir to the throne of Enroth, both reside in Castle Ironfist.
	26		Lord Albert Newton, High Sorcerer of Enroth, resides in Castle Newton.
	27		Lord Osric Temper, Foremost Knight, resides in Castle Temper.
	28		Lord Anthony Stone, High Priest of Free Haven, resides in Castle Stone.
	29		Lady Loretta Fleise, Chancellor of the Treasury, resides in Castle Fleise.
	30		Lord Eric von Stromgard, Marquis of the Northern Marches, resides in Castle Stromgard.
	31		The Oracle has provided the rulers of Enroth with wisdom for as long as anyone can remember.
	32		Placeholder Text
	33		Placeholder Text
	34		Placeholder Text
	35		The Oracle has provided the rulers of Enroth with wisdom for as long as anyone can remember.
	36		Placeholder Text
	37		Placeholder Text
	38		Placeholder Text
	39		Placeholder Text
	40		Placeholder Text
	41		Regent Wilbur Humphrey, Foremost Paladin, and Prince Nicolai Ironfist, heir to the throne of Enroth, both reside in Castle Ironfist.
	42		Lord Albert Newton, High Sorcerer of Enroth, resides in Castle Newton.
	43		Lord Osric Temper, Foremost Knight, resides in Castle Temper.
	44		Lord Anthony Stone, High Priest of Free Haven, resides in Castle Stone.
	45		Lady Loretta Fleise, Chancellor of the Treasury, resides in Castle Fleise.
	46		Lord Eric von Stromgard, Marquis of the Northern Marches, resides in Castle Stromgard.
	47		The maelstrom energies of air magic hold together an egg of cloud mist. You can hear a faint but clearly angry howling coming from the strange structure.
	48		Though the air temperature is quite warm, this pod of ice does not melt. The elemental power of water magic swirls about it, keeping it winter cold. 
	49		Forces of fire magic heat this cylinder of iron to red hot heat. The hiss of steam makes you wonder if the thing is full of boiling water.
	50		After you rescued them, the Minotaurs of Balthazar Lair built a new entrance to their city.
	51		The back door to the mysterious abandoned temple built by the race which lived on Dagger Wound before the Lizardmen--it should be safe now, right?
	52		History holds that Lizardmen temples of this period were guarded by traps and not monsters. What then to make of the reptilian slithering receding into the darkness?
	53		You see no solid ground in the airy realm through this gateway. In the hazy distance you can see oddly shaped buildings that seem to float in the sky.
	54		Looking through the gateway is like peering through a window into an underwater canyon. Creatures of all sizes swim menacingly in the distance.
	55		The smell of freshly lumbered wood gives indication of this fort's recent construction. The large stacks of supplies show that the Regnan pirates are planning a lengthy stay.
	56		Though the view is obscured by shimmering waves of heated air, through the gateway you perceive a hellish landscape of endless bridgeways spanning an ocean of lava.
	57		Even in the freeport of Ravenshore, some goods must avoid official eyes. Such usually pass through this secluded cove in the care of the wererat smugglers.
	58		The gateway leads to an earthen tunnel which extends a few paces then tees off left and right. You can't say where the passages lead.
	59		By the number of wolf tracks marking the approach to this wolves' den, either the wolves are extremely active or hundreds of them live in these caves.
	60		The Dark Elven Merchants of Alvar run a mighty trade empire spanning the reach of Jadame. This is their local guildhouse in Ravenshore.
	61		From the conflux key come a keening pitch which resonates through the crystal. A hidden depth is revealed--a passage that draws you with inexplicable attraction.
	62		The hive emits a hum which sets your teeth rattling in your jaw. The breeze you feel is not the wind, but the blowback of a thousand monstrous wings.
	63		Ogre armies need carry no winches to their fort building sites. Their strength of arm and back is sufficient to raise the massive beams and posts.
	64		The Trolls of Rust have entombed their dead here for centuries--each generation digging deeper catacombs beneath those dug before.
	65		What use do the Cyclopes make of this sinister vault? Whatever they do, makes it smell like a butcher's shop.
	66		A tunnel of solidified lava snakes downward. Can it possible provide safe passage beneath the lake of fire?
	67		Made ruin in some long forgotten war, parts of this castle are still whole. The dragon hunters have made good use of these.
	68		By nature, dragons are solitary beings. Occasionally, a few will nest together, but here in Garrote Gorge they have built a mighty society.
	69		The stonework façade of this ancient temple has crumbled into the sand of time. Still, its majesty--and mystery--remain.
	70		Though this temple is newly built it already possesses a timeless quality.
	71		The dark rock of these stone monuments cannot be found nearby. The nearest source is the Shadowspire Mountains a hundred leagues away.
	72		This air vent seems to be the only entrance into the flooded Minotaur city, Balthazar Lair.
	73		Zog the Jackal's preference for building on high ground has provided an unexpected boon in the form of protection from the raging flood waters.
	74		The Regnans have never been known for their subtlety. This thick walled and cannon studded castle is the very definition of 'forbidding.'
	75		From a distance, this moss covered and crumbling stronghold seems long abandoned. Fresh boot prints in the mud and the signal mirror tell a different story.
	76		This strange craft seems capable of traveling both on and under the water's surface. A series of cranks operated the wheel of blades which propel it.
	77		Brooding over the village below, the Necromancers' Guild exudes an atmosphere of domineering evil.
	78		Though renown for her beauty, Zanthora's madness drives her to live apart from the company of others. In this forbidding castle she conducts her dark experiments.
	79		All buildings in the Plane of Air float. So why does this cloud castle seem particularly incongruous? Perhaps because its great size?
	80		All buildings in the Plane of Air float. So why does this cloud castle seem particularly incongruous? Perhaps because its great size?
	81		Tribute Tomb
	82		Not a stick of wood or other combustibles are visible in the walls and towers of this mighty keep of stone and iron.
	83		If there were any doubts of the Fire Elementals' hostile intentions towards Jadame, they are allayed by the presence of this rallying camp. 
	84		The Destroyer reigns from a macabre palace. What kind of being would choose to live inside the skull of a 400 foot tall giant?
	85		The magic power of earth whirls around this cocoon-like encasement of earth and rock. A cry of torment like a dying wind issues from within.
	86		The front door to your new home stands before you.
	87		The grand entrance to Castle Gryphonheart stands before you.  A pair of tame griffins can frequently be seen circling above the castle.
	88		Castle Navan is the traditional seat of Elvish power.  Centuries of plant growth around the castle contribute to its sylvan character.
	89		Who knows why the Necromancers felt the need to build a castle deep within the bowels of the earth?  Castle Gloaming is ugly, sinister, and very, very secure.
	90		Floating above most clouds gives Castle Lambent more sunlight per year than any other location.  The elegant architecture takes full advantage of the weather.
	91		The dripping of water and a strange, unidentifiable squeaking are the only noises that seem to come from the entrance to this cave.
	92		A large dragon obviously makes his residence in these caves.  Perhaps this is where those missing adventurers are...
	93		The front door to your new home stands before you.
	94		These caves are the traditional hideout of goblins and bandits.  Whatever lives there now doesn't make the place smell too good…
	95		Foul water pours from a large drain pipe coming from the Erathian Sewer.  It is said the Thieves' Guild can be found in here.
	96		This mighty fort does a superb job guarding the East Bridge from invaders.  It doesn't look like visitors are welcome inside the fort.
	97		Fresh human or elvish footprints lead into this cave, and weeds and brush have been cleared from the entrance recently.
	98		Faint sounds of distant explosions and mad laughter can be heard from beyond the door.  There is a sharp, acidic smell in the air.
	99		A frightening spectacle of shadowy claws and twisted demonic figures beckons you inside.  You can hear a woman singing in the distance, but can't quite make out the words.
	100		The last of a series of watchtowers that once guarded the border of Deyja, Watchtower 6 is battle scarred, but still standing tall.
	101		The sharp, electric smell of magic fills the air outside the School--the result of hundreds of years of magical experiments and juvenile pranks happening in the same building.
	102		Though recently abandoned by the Dwarves, you can still easily see the craft and care they put into this mine.
	103		The proving grounds of the Wizards, the Walls of Mist floats on the clouds like a mirage of the sky.  It is an entirely magical construct.
	104		The Temple of the Light is one of the most beautiful and serene places in the world.  Any follower of the Light can feel their troubles slipping away as they walk in these hallowed halls.
	105		Traitors and prisoners of war are frequently thrown in this horrible pit as object lessons in cruelty.  All Necromancers must also enter the pit and escape before they can complete their apprenticeships.
	106		The Temple of the Dark is still in use by the forces of evil.  Sacrifices are held monthly, and foul rites are performed routinely on the front steps.
	107		The sound of unholy chanting and the screams and moans of the undead can be heard quite clearly from the entrance.  
	108		Overgrown and weather beaten, the Grand Temple of the Sun has seen better days.  It appears someone is still taking care of the place.
	109		The Warlocks of Nighon call this extinct volcano their home.  A network of natural and carved tunnels spread away from the mountain, permitting travel throughout Nighon and across the sea.
	110		A huge, magical maze stretches before you as far as the eye can see.  Looking at it for long dazzles the eyes and confuses the mind.
	111		Stone City is one of the great bastions of the Dwarven race in the world.  The front gate looks very secure.
	112		Words cannot convey the horror.  One of the pipes must be an entrance…
	113		The Mercenary Guild is home to every swordsman who fails at banditry.  Visitors are unwelcome.
	114		These caverns have been the hideout of pirates and ne'er-do-wells for centuries.
	115		A trail of ominous brown stains leads downstairs and into darkness…
	116		A mighty fortress housing the fantastic and murderous Titans.  No one has ever entered and returned to tell the tale.
	117		Once the proud center of a false religion, the Temple has fallen into disrepair.  
	118		It doesn't look like much, but getting in isn't easy.  Careful not to stray from the path.
	119		This incredible starship is but a small sample of the wonders of the Ancients.
	120		The weathered stones of this old keep shelter empty buildings in an unused courtyard.  Faint sounds echo from a worn stairway that leads down below the keep.
	121		Faint chanting can be heard from beyond the doors of this Temple.  Visitors do not appear to be welcome here.
	122		The first fortress dedicated to magical research, its remote location provided secrecy for the mages and protection for the populace in the event of an accident.
	123		This pyramid seems to be made of a strange, weathered metal.  It appears to be partially buried in the sand.
	124		This strange structure commands a spectacular view of Paradise Valley.  The outer walls are constructed from an unknown material.
	125		Strange squeaking echoes from behind the front doors.  At one time a temple of Baa, a foul curse caused the old inhabitants to move away.
	126		This large but simple structure has become the center of worship for a small religious group called the Order of the Fist.
	127		The temperature drops as you approach the gates to this castle.  Legend holds that this castle contains the knowledge of how to transcend death as undead.
	128		This area appears to be abandoned.  However, fresh footprints lead in and out from a recently repaired door.  Perhaps it isn’t so abandoned after all.
	129		The smells of death and decay seem to fill the air near this structure.  The temple's original purpose has long since been forgotten by the new worshippers.
	130		Kriegspire no longer rests between its lakes, the earth around the castle was raised to prevent the creatures inside from escaping.
	131		Ancient runes above the entrance attempt to scare away the casual visitor.  Fresh goblin tracks lead into and out of the doorway.
	132		This forgotten shrine of the Church of the Sun still stands.  For all of its time in the humid jungle, the temple remains in surprisingly good condition.
	133		These caverns once belonged to the exiled King Rocklin, but now they are home to the new Dwarven King, Snergle.
	134		Originally a place of worship for the Church of the Moon, this old sanctuary is now home to Cedric Drother’s group of Druids.
	135		The original name of these caverns has been lost in time.  Now, it is named for the group of bandits that base their operations from it.
	136		The temperature rises steadily as you approach the doors, the smell of sulfur and ash strong.  This place resembles a hideout more than a temple.
	137		This small post acts as an advance base for the Fraternal Order of Silver.  From here, they are able to patrol Mist in their conquest of evil.
	138		The focal point of all Baa worship in Enroth, the Superior Temple only allows followers of Baa inside.
	139		Home to the so-called Prince of Thieves, the Shadow Guild operates outside of Anthony Stone's jurisdiction.  This Guildhall is not open to the public.
	140		The forest of statues scattered about seems to magnify the silence on Star Island.  Certainly, the rumors of medusas living in this temple are true.
	141		The largest dwarven mine in Enroth, Snergle has claimed it in his succession to the dwarven throne.
	142		The Dragoons rebuilt and refurbished this keep to serve as their headquarters.  From here, they prey on traffic to and from Free Haven.
	143		Once the residence of Archmage Terrax, Corlagon received the Estate from Archibald for his services during the Succession Wars.
	144		The headquarters of the Fraternal Order of Silver and Sir John Silver's home.  Silver Helms from this Stronghold patrol Silver Cove in search of evil.
	145		This forboding structure radiates magical power.  Druids from all over Enroth make periodic pilgrimages to visit this sacred place.
	146		Ethric, the first Sorcerer seeking life after death, still walks about his tomb, the leader of a host of undead servants.  At least, that’s how the rumor goes...
	147		Originally used to keep creatures from escaping the Frozen Wastelands, now the keep prevents traffic to and from Castle Stromgard and town of White Cap.
	148		Muted sounds of clashing metal and loud voices emanate from this imposing fortress.  No one would dare assault the Warlord’s home.
	149		A foul smell wafts from the entrance to these caves.  The howl of a wolf can be heard from the distance.
	150		Fire Elementals assisted Gharik in his attempts to create powerful items here.  A handful of his students continue his experiments.
	151		This laboratory is the birthplace for countless horrid experiments.  Its remote location was chosen for both safety and secrecy.
	152		These caves house a strange alliance between human warriors and dragons.  The Dragon Towers were built in the towns to ward off these raiders.
	153		The Control Center has been closed since the Silence, nearly twelve centuries ago.
	154		The back door to the mysterious abandoned temple built by the race which lived on Dagger Wound before the Lizardmen--it should be safe now, right?
	155		Placeholder Text
	156		Placeholder Text
	157		A thunderous howl pierces your ears, provoking a feeling of dread. Whatever produced that sound is drawing near, with each step rocking the earth beneath your feet.
	158		As you go deeper into this vast network of tunnels, your instinct tells you that many dangerous creatures dwell within. You vow to remain vigilant.
	159		This tunnel leads to Stone City.
	160		Placeholder Text
	161		Placeholder Text
	162		Placeholder Text
	163		Placeholder Text
	164		Placeholder Text
	165		Placeholder Text
	166		Placeholder Text
	167		Placeholder Text
	168		Placeholder Text
	169		Placeholder Text
	170		Placeholder Text
	171		Placeholder Text
	172		Placeholder Text
	173		Placeholder Text
	174		Placeholder Text
	175		Placeholder Text
	176		Placeholder Text
	177		Placeholder Text
	178		Placeholder Text
	179		Placeholder Text
	180		Placeholder Text
	181		Placeholder Text
	182		Placeholder Text
	183		Placeholder Text
	184		Placeholder Text
	185		Placeholder Text
	186		Placeholder Text
	187		Placeholder Text
	188		Placeholder Text
	189		Placeholder Text
	190		Placeholder Text
	191		Placeholder Text
	192		Placeholder Text
	193		Placeholder Text
	194		It seems that the entrance does not lead to the Dark Dwarves' Compound.
	195		Enter basement of The Breach.
	196		Placeholder Text
	197		Placeholder Text
	198		Placeholder Text
	199		Placeholder Text
	200		Placeholder Text
	201		Placeholder Text
	202		Placeholder Text
	203		Placeholder Text
	204		Placeholder Text
	205		Placeholder Text
	206		Placeholder Text
	207		Placeholder Text
	208		Placeholder Text
	209		This cave is legendary in Trollish lore, and is a holy place. Other creatures, however, might just see it as a lair to occupy and defend.
	210		Placeholder Text
	211		As with all places holy to the followers of Eep, this temple smells of damp fur and cheese. A chorus of squeaks, like chanting issues from within.
	212		Placeholder Text
	213		As with all places holy to the followers of Eep, this small temple smells faintly of fur and cheese.
	214		Placeholder Text
	215		A church holy to the followers of Eep. It smells faintly of damp fur and cheese.
	216		Placeholder Text
	217		A cave entrance. A slight breeze from within brings you the faint smell of brimstone.
	218		Placeholder Text
	219		A cave entrance. The lair of some monstrous beast?
	220		Placeholder Text
	221		The entrance to this cave has been crudely widened by a creature with claws capable of ripping the hard dark stone.
	222		Placeholder Text
	223		Placeholder Text
	224		Placeholder Text
	225		Placeholder Text
	226		Placeholder Text
	227		Placeholder Text
	228		Placeholder Text
	229		The entrance to this barrow is pleasing to the eye, yet at the same time forbidding.  The air is very quiet near the entrance.
	230		Placeholder Text
	231		Placeholder Text
	232		Placeholder Text
	233		Placeholder Text
	234		Placeholder Text
	235		Placeholder Text
	236		Placeholder Text
	237		Placeholder Text
	238		Placeholder Text
	239		Placeholder Text
	240		Placeholder Text
	241		Placeholder Text
	242		Placeholder Text
	243		Placeholder Text
	244		Placeholder Text
	245		Placeholder Text
	246		Placeholder Text
	247		Placeholder Text
	248		Placeholder Text
	249		Placeholder Text
	250		Placeholder Text
	251		Placeholder Text
	252		Placeholder Text
	253		Placeholder Text
	254		Placeholder Text
	255		Placeholder Text
	256		Placeholder Text
	257		Placeholder Text
	258		Placeholder Text
	259		Placeholder Text
	260		Placeholder Text
	261		Enter Hive
	262		Enter Castle Ironfist
	263		Enter Tomb of VARN
	264		Enter Dungeon
	265		Enter Dungeon
	266		Enter Dungeon
	267		Enter Dungeon
	268		Enter Dungeon
	269		Enter Dungeon
	270		Enter Dungeon
